Hello.
I make toasts\Nin the morning.
Do you want a toast?
Yes.
(Pork belly and ham,\NPork belly and cutlet)
(Set menu: free cola)
Please give me number two.
Did you kill...
the old man?
Why did you do it?
What are you...
trying to hide?
Right.
It's strange.
Yoon Mi Joo...
may not be the culprit.
I heard you met\NSeo Hyun Soo.
Yes. She came\Nlooking for Detective Ha.
I remember because...
it really threw him off.
Detective Ha?\NLieutenant Ha Wan Seung?
Yes, he's now working at\NJoongjin Police Station.
Was she really\NSeo Hyun Soo?
Why do you ask?
Because Ms. Seo...
passed away 17 years ago.
- What?\N- Do you know her voice?
Yes.
Mr. Kim.
I heard you've been\Nlooking for me.
Who are you?
It's me, Hyun Soo.
Seo Hyun Soo.
Is that her voice?
No, she sounds\Ncompletely different.
She doesn't even\Nsound similar.
Then...
it means Seo Hyun Soo\Nisn't just one person.
(Joongjin Police Station)
Hello, everyone.
Hello.
Will you get up? Get up.
Unbelievable.
What?
I can't believe you.
You wanted me\Nto wake you up...
when Mr. Gye\Ncomes to work.
No, it wasn't Mr. Gye.
I was talking\Nabout Mr. Hwang.
Oh, Mr. Hwang.
Have you been studying\Nall night to get promoted?
Keep it together,\Nand get to work.
I don't have to do that\Nto catch criminals.
You keep it together,\Nbut you never catch one.
But he's good at\Ngetting promoted.
Wan Seung.
Why don't you transfer\Nto another team?
I don't want to pack up.
If you want to transfer,\Nyou can.
How dare you\Nmake me leave?
I have to go\Nuse the toilet.
What was that?
Does he think\Nhe's my superior?
Look.
Where is he going?
Are you going\Nto the forensics team?
Yes, why?
I heard that's the most\Ndangerous place here.
Dangerous? Why?
Mr. Gong says...
your head will\Ncrumble down in there.
Why are you following me?
Because it's exciting.
I love going into\Nhaunted house and stuff.
Mr. Gye must be tired\Nfrom dealing with you.
I'll take a selfie as\Nsoon as I see Mr. Hwang.
Did you get a new phone?
It just came out.
Do you want to see it?
Who got it for you?
My dad.
Good for you.
Okay.
Like this.
Take a look.
(Constable Shin)
That's funny.
We don't have much time.
I'm keeping my eyes\Non Lieutenant Ha.
Do you have to\Ndo this so suddenly?
Let's do that.
You've never been there?
It's here.
(Restricted)
What brings you here?
I'd like to know\Nthe autopsy result...
of Noryang-dong case.
- Come in.\N- Thanks.
Wait.
What brings you here?
She likes haunted houses.
Are you\NConstable Shin Na Ra?
Yes. Do you know me?
The one who goes to\Nclubs every night,
shops online all the time,
and takes selfies\Nat crime scenes.
So you're\Nthe attention seeker.
Everyone wonders how you\Npassed the police exam.
You're lucky to have\Nsuch an easy life.
So be good to your dad.
Go play at\Nan amusement park.
Don't waste\Nmy precious time.
Waste people's\Ntax money instead.
Attention...
seeker?
Do you want tea?
Yes, thank you.
Drink it outside\Nthen come back.
What?
Did you expect me\Nto serve you tea?
I'm not that free.
Let's take a look\Nat the autopsy result.
Did you say\NNoryang-dong murder case?
Yes.
Here you go.
What does it say?
(Autopsy Report)
He fell down with\Nthe knife stuck in him,
so he bled quite gently.
He was stabbed only once.
His abdominal artery\Nwas stabbed.
He seems to have died\Nfrom internal bleeding.
What's this scar?
It's from surgery.
The location tells me\Nit was abdominal aneurysm.
Why did the culprit\Nonly stab him once?
I don't know.\NI'm not a profiler.
I don't care about\Nthe culprit's thoughts.
Did the culprit not\Nintend to kill him?
(Chief Kang Bo Gook)
There.
You always give me\Ninstant coffee.
Don't you have Americano?
Americano, my foot.
You should pay\Nfor the coffee.
Don't try to get free\Ninformation from me.
Pay for it.
The real estate isn't\Ndoing well these days.
I don't want to make you\Nfeel uncomfortable.
I'm not like that.
Even if you brought me\Neverything you had,
I wouldn't feel\Nuncomfortable.
So why did you call me?
Did you call me to\Nsettle my coffee bill?
Do you know Woo Sung Ha?
Inspector Woo?
Yes. "Wanted Suspects".
Yes, Inspector Woo\Nfrom the headquarters.
Why is he looking for you?
What? He's looking for me?
Yes, he came to see me.
He asked about you.
It was strange.
So who are you\Nlooking for?
It's someone you know\Nvery well.
Detective Ha Wan Seung.
Why is that profiler\Nlooking for me?
Wait a minute.
Where are they going?
Did he come for me?
Then why was he\Nwith the chief?
Did Inspector Woo\Ngo see the chief?
The chief must've ordered\Nhim to watch me.
I can't believe he even\Nbrought in a profiler.
That's great.
No, it isn't. Enemies are\Neverywhere.
Enemy or not,\Ndon't be so cranky.
Try to be friendly\Nwith Inspector Woo.
He might be\Non the chief's good side.
Also, you can get\Ninformation on Chief Shin.
Okay?
I'll try to be on good\Nterms with Chief Shin.
Gosh,\Nthis coffee's terrible.
You should get\Na coffeemaker.
What are you saying?
(Police)
Lady.
You should be in the\Ninstitute at this hour.
What are you doing here?
I'll catch\Nthe culprit first.
I knew you couldn't\Nstay there long.
Anyway, I didn't ask you\Nto be here.
Don't blame me\Nif you fail the exam.
I'll study after catching\Nthe culprit.
Hey.
- Hello, detectives.\N- Did you hurt your disc?
- Hello.\N- Hello.
- Hello.\N- This way.
Hello.
Who...
Lady.
Why are you here again?
What do you want?
Mr. Gye. She has a name.
Don't call her like that.
But you call me that too.
But it's not the same\Nwhen I call you lady.
You said\Nwhen I call you lady...
it sounds like your name.
I know you're close.
But let's not mix\Nbusiness with pleasure.
Witness. Please sit down.
Okay.
I'm getting a statement\Nfrom a witness.
She knows Noryang-dong\Npretty well.
You should clean up\Nyour desk.
It's so messy.
Witness.\NYou talk too much.
Clean it yourself\Nif it bothers you.
How is Lee Wang Sik's\Ncase going?
I was going to\Nreport to you.
Why are you\Nhanging out here then?
Let's go\Nto the meeting room.
Wait a minute.
Look who's here.
What brings you here?
You gave up your duty\Nas an honorary officer...
and ran away.
Guys, he has\Nchocolates for you!
Ms. Yoo Seol Ok!
Did I?
(Criminal Affairs\NDivision)
Sir, please let me\Njust this once.
No.
I'll be helpful.
I'm like living in\NNoryang-dong these days.
There are a lot of\Npolice officers here...
who used to live in\NNoryang-dong.
Manager Jo.
This case is strange.
What if it's strange?
Why are you trying to\Njoin the meeting?
Didn't you say the last\Ncase was strange too?
Don't bother me.\NJust leave.
Reporter Park!
Reporter Park.
Oh, that's right.
I caught the culprit\Ntrying to...
put the blame on\NNa Jin Tae.
Manager Jo.\NHave a good meeting.
I feel bad...
about going straight home.
I'll just hang out and\Ntalk with these reporters.
- Let's have some tea.\N- Okay.
I won't bother you at all.
Let's go\Nto the meeting room.
Why are you here again?
It's that lady again.
I am here to help you.
Right, Manager Jo?
What?
Yes, sure. Please go in.
Give her a chair.
Manager Jo.
MCJ or somebody is\Ntransferring here,
so there are reporters\Nswarming outside.
Let's keep things quiet.
Who is MCJ?
Gosh, you heard that?
Since they're initials...
I think it's nepotism.
It could be the head\Nof security officer.
I think it's someone\Nhigher up.
Don't you know MC Jay?
He's a rapper.
Is he really coming here?
I'm a huge fan of his.
After questioning and\Nchecking security videos,
we found that...
suspect Yoon Mi Joo was\Npassing the alley...
at 3:17am where\NLee Wang Sik was murdered.
What about\Nthe autopsy result?
He died from profuse\Ninternal bleeding.
He was stabbed only once.
He was stabbed\Nonly once but he died?
Unfortunately, his aorta\Nhe had surgery on...
was stabbed.
Yoon Mi Joo\Nhas been living...
in a residence referred\Nby Lee Wang Sik.
They had a fight\Nbecause of rent.
Any other suspects?
At the time of the murder,
the person who went\Nthrough the alley was...
According to the videos\Nwe checked,
there was\Nonly Yoon Mi Joo.
What's that?
It says locations\Nof security cameras.
Just stay put.
What is it?
There are many ways...
not to be caught\Non camera.
There are no cameras\Nin this alley.
What if you commit\Nmurder...
and go in through\Nthe backdoor?
There are no cameras...
in the back\Nof the residence building.
Even if the culprit came\Nout from the back door,
stabbed the victim,
and went into\Nthe back door again,
they wouldn't be\Ncaptured in the CCTVs.
Then we shouldn't\Njump to a conclusion...
by looking only at\Nthe CCTV footages.
That's exactly\Nwhat I want to say.
They're both helpless.
I don't think you\Nshould take her side.
The back door is\Nalways locked.
The manager has\Nthe back door key.
It's most crucial...
that we found the victim's\Nblood on her clothes.
The blood stains\Non her clothes...
means that she physically\Ncontacted him,
and it can't be the\Nevidence of murder.
Corporal Gong.
We found the victim's\Nblood on her shoes too.
Are you saying when\Nshe stabbed the victim,
the blood was stained\Non her clothes,
and she stepped\Non the blood...
which ran down\Nfrom his injury?
- That's right.\N- It's strange though.
The upper sides\Nof her shoes were clean.
The blood splatters first\Ninstead of running down...
when someone\Nstabs the other.
I get it.
She didn't stab him, but\Nshe stabbed on the blood.
So the blood wasn't\Nsplattered on her shoes.
Did she step on the blood\Nas she passed by...
after the victim died,\Nby any chance?
I'm surprised.
What's wrong with him?
But...
on the back of her shoe,
we found the victim's\Nbloodstained fingerprints.
In short...
The victim...
grabbed\NYoon Mi Joo's shoe?
It's the evidence\Nthat he was alive.
Then isn't it\N99.9 percent certain...
that she's the culprit?
But it's not 100 percent.
Well,
now,
do you have anything\Nmore to say?
Amateurs like you should\Nnot stick their nose...
in the professionals'\Nbusiness.
Good job though.
We've become surer of\Nthe culprit thanks to you.
99.9 points to\Nmen with wisdom
We are 99.9 percent\Nsure of the culprit too
I guess you really don't\Nget along with Noryang,
seeing how your guess\Nis wrong.
Which part of her clothes\Ndid you say...
had the victim's\Nbloodstain?
- This side of her arm.\N- Only here?
It wasn't too much.
Why?
Do you have regrets?
I need to talk to\NYoon Mi Joo.
Mr. Gye won't let you go\Nin the interrogation room.
He can't stop me\Nfrom visiting her.
What is it? Tell me.
I'm not\N100 percent sure...
that she's the culprit.
(Custody Regulations)
I was a bit late that day,
so I used the shortcut to\Ngo faster and it happened.
Why do you think there was\Nblood on your clothes?
I thought it was\Nmy nosebleed.
I have a nosebleed often.
Didn't you see anything?
Did you not hear a scream?
I really don't know.
I had to take\Na mock test that day,
so I couldn't think of\Nanything other than that.
I didn't get a good score\Non the last mock test,
so I was worried.
You usually wear earphones\Neverywhere, right?
And you close the\Nother ear with your hand.
That's right.
It's to listen to\Nthe important parts.
You bumped\Ninto someone, right?
And it was your right arm\Nwhich you were closing...
your ear with, right?
That's right.
How did you know?
If you had stabbed\Nthe old man with a knife,
you would've had blood\Nsomewhere on your clothes.
If it had been\Nyour nosebleed,
you would've had it on the\Nouter side of your arm.
There's only one way\Nto get the blood...
on the inner side\Nof your arm.
Then the man\Nwho bumped into me...
Right.
You witnessed the culprit.
The blood must've stained\Non your clothes then.
Do you remember the face\Nby any chance?
Do you remember\Nhis clothes or height?
I usually don't look\Nat people when I walk.
You bumped into him.\NHow can you not remember?
I don't want to waste\Nmy time arguing.
So I just pass by\Nlike nothing happened.
(Ino Residence)
What kind of person...
was the victim?
He's well-known\Nin Noryang.
He came to this town\Nempty-handed...
and built a tall building.
He built\Nthis residence too.
You're investigating\Non the case because...
Am I right?
You think Mi Joo\Nmay not be the culprit.
That's what\Nyou think, right?
That day,
did you see her go out?
Yes, it was\Nprobably past 3am.
She was unusually late.
Why were you awake\Nat that time?
That's...
because of\Nthe car engine sound.
It was a tuned car, so it\Nsounded extremely loud.
- A tuned car?\N- Oh, right.
There's a guy...
who always parks his car\Nnext to the residence.
He had a big argument\Nwith Mr. Chairman before.
It's narrow here,
so you can't park your car\Nin this alley.
I'll call the police.\NNo, no.
Get off.
Is he the culprit\Nby any chance?
Right, right.\NSo I'm right.
He's the culprit.
There are hardly\Nany people...
who drive their cars\Nin this town.
From institutes,\Nresidences,
and study rooms\Nto restaurants,
places are so close\Nto each other.
It's more inconvenient\Nto drive a car.
It's that car over there.
That car.
(Unit 1017)
Where's M Tower?
That's\Nthe biggest building...
right in front of\Nthe intersection.
It's where the sons\Nof rich families live.
It's incomparable\Nto our residence.
He lives in such\Na good place,
so why would he park here?
Wait, what's this?
What?
Hello?
Yes.
You're already here?
Where are you?
As expected.
He looks much better\Nwithout the glasses.
He does?
Better, my foot.
We've met before, so you\Nshould at least say hello.
Hello.
- Have you been well?\N- Yes.
I argued with him\Nfor parking issues,
but I didn't kill him.
It doesn't make\Nsense at all.
You live in M Tower,
so why did you park here?
I heard a lot of\Ngirls here...
are innocent because\Nthey only study.
So it's easy\Nto pick them up.
What did you do at 3am?
What do you mean?\NI sang at a karaoke.
Then I went home.
You didn't just go home.
Look. It's as if he saw\Na ghost.
Or...
you killed someone.
It's really not me.
You stole\Nthe restroom keys, right?
It's not\Nthat I stole them.
I have them here.
I didn't steal them.
- You stole them.\N- Well...
Actually,
I really had to go to\Na restroom...
when the karaoke\Nwas about to close.
But I couldn't\Ndifferentiate...
which one was\Nfor the men's restroom.
It was urgent,
so I took them all\Nand went to the restroom.
Goodness.
What was that?
I was surprised, so I ran.
Is it that surprising\Nto see someone walk in?
What?
Oh, I am...
a bit timid.
It was the women's\Nrestroom, wasn't it?
How did you know?
If not, why would you\Nrun away?
You idiot. You were trying\Nto film women.
I really wasn't.
I didn't see any toilet\Npaper in the men's.
I just went to the women's\Nto get some toilet paper.
- That makes no sense.\N- See?
You won't believe me even\Nwhen I tell the truth.
Then how can I wipe myself\Nafter I go number two?
Do I do it\Nwith my armpits?
I needed toilet paper.
This is exactly why\NI ran away.
I want to become\Na government official,
so I have to\Nbe careful with this.
Do you even\Nstudy for the exam?
Yes. I really am going to\Nbe a government official.
I like people who are\Nlike government officials.
Government officials\Nhate your type.
Did you catch her face?
Her face?
- Who are you?\N- What?
Isn't that a knife?
Oh, she was\Nholding a knife.
A knife?
Yes.
Why do you think\Nshe ran away?
Because there was a guy\Nin the women's restroom?
Don't people\Nusually scream first?
No, she ran out\Nas soon as she saw me.
That's odd.
There she is.
She quarreled with\Nthat grandpa often...
for doing her business\Nin front of his market.
It was a huge fight.
- Goodness.\N- Move your truck.
Goodness.
Everyone in this town has\Nfought with that old man.
Is that why\Nyou moved to this spot?
He threw a huge fit\Nsaying that I'm ruining...
his business, so what\Ncan I do? I had to move.
I don't even turn to\Nface his direction...
after that happened.
Why did you go\Nto the restroom...
on the day of his death?
I really had to go,
and that's the only\Nrestroom around here.
Then why did you run away?
I was afraid he'd see me\Nusing that restroom.
He might call the police\Nbecause I picked...
the restroom lock\Nwith my knife.
What? A thief?
You don't pay for\Nthe water, cleaning,
or electricity, but\Nstill use this restroom.
That makes you a thief,\Ndon't you think?
He already caught me\Nusing the restroom...
a long time ago with\Nhis security camera.
I paid him 150 dollars\Nas a fine.
For using the restroom?\NWhat a harsh old guy.
He's a cold-blooded\Nand horrible old man.
Everyone who\Nworks for him...
has something to\Ncomplain about him.
When you are\Na few minutes late,
he takes off an entire\Nhour off their paycheck.
And they gather money\Nfor get-togethers too.
My goodness.
I heard he bought his\Ngrandson a fancy car...
and sent him abroad\Nto study.
He went alone?
A rich old man has died.
We should be suspicious\Nof his family first.
But it's really odd how\Nthey stabbed him once.
If it's a family member,\Nhe or she...
could have felt\Nweak hearted.
Mr. Lee In Ho?
- Who are you?\N- We're with the police.
Is the culprit\Nleft-handed?
Right-handed.
When did you\Nhurt your arm?
It's been a week.
What do you think?
Do you have any idea?
I need something sweet.
Sweet?
What's this? The one that\Nlooks like pickled radish.
Mango mousse cake.
Oh, mango.
It's her. That ring.
It looks like\Npickled radish.
But I'm not\N100 percent sure.
I shouldn't have\Nhad that mixed liquor.
I knew I put in\Ntoo much soju into that.
Detective Ha. Are you\Nacquainted with her?
He came here with you\Na few times.
Yes.
Are you a detective?
You didn't know?
She acts like\Nshe doesn't know.
That's even more\Nsuspicious.
Lady, pick your cake.
If you can't pick\Nanything, get this.
Pickled radish cake.
Maybe it's not her.
Maybe it's her.
Right.
Hypnotic investigation.
Hypnotic investigation?
With who? Yoon Mi Joo?
I want to get it\Ndone to myself.
Regarding which case?
It's not any case.
I just want to\Nremember someone.
Hypnosis isn't the answer\Nto your dementia.
You should\Ngo see a doctor.
You've failed the exam\Nso many times,
and now you have dementia.
If you were good at\Ncatching criminals,
I would've made it by now.
You must really\Nhave dementia.
You begged me to\Ntake you to the scenes,
so I let you follow along\Na few times, and now this?
You go around giving\Na ring to women, so I...
A ring?
You're making me very\Nfrustrated with the ring.
I'm glad\Nyou brought it up.
That makes me\Nreally angry again.
- Gosh.\N- Goodness.
You're here.
Macaroons.\NLook, macaroons.
They look so good.
I'm glad you're here.
Can you taste it\Nand tell me how it is?
I can trust your opinion.
Why do I care about\Nthe ring anyway?
It's not like\Nwe're dating.
I'll eat this and\Nbecome a detective soon.
He's being so cheap.
It's good.
Is it?
Of course, do you know\Nhow expensive this is?
I thought you were\Nwell-cared for as a kid.
Weren't you raised on\Nmacaroons, not rice?
I got sick of it back in\Ngrade school.
I had too much back then.
Is that so?
I'm glad to hear that.\NI'll finish these alone.
Lady, we should be\Nsolving this case,
not eating expensive\Ndesserts like this.
I live with such\Na cheap and dirty guy.
Do you two live together?
We live in\Nthe same neighborhood.
I mean, the same area.
You two aren't\Nin the same neighborhood.
Under the same sky.
I live under the same sky\Nwith this cheap guy.
Aren't we going to go?
I'll take this\Npickled radish macaroon.
I liked the chocolate one.\NChocolate macaroon.
Here.
I picked it up\Nfrom the street.
Why are you giving it\Nto me? It's dirty.
This is embezzlement\Nof a lost property.
I saw that\Nyour phone was very old.
So I bought this...
with 24 months\Nof installment payment,
complete with\Nphone insurance,
and got it in your\Nfavorite color, purple.
Maybe I shouldn't have.
Then is this a present?
Forget it then.\NI needed a new phone too.
Thank you.
It's so pretty.
That purple color looks\Ngreat with your outfit.
Detective Ha, wait for me.
Three people didn't get\Non the security footage...
although they passed\Nthis alley by.
Park Gi Beom,\Nthe cup rice lady,
and the culprit.
There may be\Nmore suspects...
if they walked out of\Nthe back door,
stabbed the man,\Nand went back in.
They wouldn't be\Non security footage.
Let's go find them.
Who? The culprit?
Where? And how?
She must be\Nin a good mood.
What? Are you saying\Nthat she's the culprit?
No.
I'm looking for those\Nwho aren't the suspect.
You'll eliminate\None at a time.
Bingo.
Restroom?
When I opened\Nthe restroom door...
Did you see anything?
I didn't see his face,
but I saw something white.
Toilet paper? Something\Nlike toilet paper?
Yes, that's right.\NThat white thing was...
a roll of toilet paper.
Gosh.
What is that knife for?
I see.
She did\Ngo to the restroom.
The knife scratched\Nthe door a few times...
in the same spot.
Put this away.
There's no\Nsecurity camera here.
Even if someone\Nstabbed him in the alley,
nobody would've seen it.
No, believe me.
I'm telling you the truth.\NThe backdoor...
is almost never used.
You got the wrong person.
- Are you sure?\N- Yes.
We have a witness.
We'll ask him.
This is so stressful.
I knew it.
I was right.
Excuse me.\NYou saw that earlier.
Why do you\Nkeep bothering me?
Because memories\Naren't perfect.
Do you know...
Lee In Ho that lives in\NIno Building?
He's the victim's\Ngrandson.
What about him?
I only know his face.
Do you know\Nthat he hurt his arm?
I'm not sure.\NMaybe he did.
I don't know.
Hey. You better\Nanswer her properly.
I really don't remember.
(Video 1)
Wait.\NHe isn't wearing a cast.
Was that a fake cast?
What?
This is from a month ago.
This is the recent one.
He's wearing a cast.
Then...
he's the only suspect.
What are you saying?\NIt's not me, really.
Anyway.
You did have a hidden\Ncamera on the bus.
It's was this guy.
People are looking.
My hidden camera\Nisn't something filthy.
That's why I can walk\Naround freely like this.
I'm filming a documentary\Non Noryang-dong.
Get it?
Sometimes I have clips...
of women's legs\Nor restrooms, but...
Documentary\Non Noryang-dong?
I bought\Nthe spy glasses...
so I could film\Nthe inside of the bus.
Look. I'm a man.
I can look\Nat women's legs.
So they just got filmed\Nby coincidence.
Why are you filming\Na documentary?
What?
Well, this is\Nembarrassing.
I'm planning on becoming\Na director...
if I fail to become\Na government official.
Girls love it...
when I say I'm filming\Na documentary.
Gosh,\Nhe's driving me crazy.
Let's say you were filming\Nan innocent documentary.
But filming a documentary\Ndoesn't prove that...
you aren't the culprit.
That means...
he's the culprit.
I really am not.
I have to see Yoon Mi Joo.
She might remember...
if she sees him.
You're dead.
Why do I have to visit\Nsomeone I don't know?
You're abusing your\Ngovernment authority.
I guess you did\Nattend classes.
You're a suspect.
Should I recite\NMiranda Rights?
Miranda Rights? Come on.
Hello.
Wait, it'd be nice to film\Na police documentary.
Go ahead.
I'd be happy\Nto arrest you...
right here for filming\Nsurreptitiously.
Getting arrested\Nin a police station.
What a lovely suspect\Nthat is.
You're right.\NYou're totally right.
I'll put away\Nmy cellphone.
What is this lady doing\Nanyway?
Don't bother her.
She's trying to figure out\Nwho the culprit is.
The culprit...
How dare you\Ncall her lady?
Don't be rude.
Is she a girl then?
Sorry.
Do you remember...
seeing him?
Look closely.
I heard he bothered you.
Open your eyes.
They are open.
I don't look at\Npeople's faces usually.
Look again.
I remember him.
I remember this smell.
This cologne.
He followed me around\Nat the institute.
Did you...
smell this scent\Non that day?
No.
See? I told you\NI wasn't the culprit.
I remember it now.
The smell was...
really fresh.
Did it smell like mint?
It's similar.
Like toothpaste?\NDid he brush his teeth?
It could be gum.
Fresh scent.
(Mint Toothpaste)
(Mint Detergent)
Did any of the suspects\Nsmell minty?
That was it.
What?
Do you know\Nwho the culprit it?
Tell me\Nwho you think it is.
Not yet.
I can go home, right?
You're still\Nunder suspicion.
Stay put in Noryang-dong.
- Study hard.\N- Okay, got it.
He looks like he'll cause\Ntrouble one day.
Maybe he already has.
What?
Is he still\Non the list of suspects?
Do you have the lab result\Nfrom the scene?
Gosh, I have to\Nask the forensics.
Are you\NConstable Shin Na Ra?
Yes. Do you know me?
The one who goes to\Nclubs every night,
shops online all the time,
and takes selfies\Nat crime scenes.
So you're\Nthe attention seeker.
(Restricted)
Lady, do you want to\Ncheck out the lab?
Really? May I go?
You aren't allowed, but...
I'll talk to Mr. Hwang.
Who is Mr. Hwang?
The forensics psychopath.
He's a great guy.
Let's go.
Mr. Hwang.
Hey. What are you doing?
Are you going in or out?
He looks like\Nhe's shocked.
It's the haunted house of\NJoongjin Police Station.
I wonder...
what he'll say about you.
Why do you look\Nso excited?
Who is this lady?
I see. You're that\Nhonorary police officer.
I hear you run around\Nthe crime scene...
and play detective.
Now you see\Nwhy Sergeant Yuk left.
Mr. Hwang Jae Min?
Yes. Do you recognize me?
Yes.
Do you want my autograph\Nor something?
Yes, please.
You're the genius\Nforensic investigator,
Hwang Jae Min, right?
I'm a huge fan of yours.
I would've brought\Nyour book...
if I had known that\NI'd run into you here.
Come in.
This isn't right.
("Forensic Investigation\Nof the Genius")
You meant\Nthis book, right?
Yes.
I'll give it to you\Nas a gift.
But what's the name\Nof this brilliant lady?
Brilliant? Lady?
It's Yoo Seol Ok.
Ms. Yoo Seol Ok.
(Dear Seol Ok)
(I hope you become...)
(a great detective\Nlike Sherlock Holmes.)
(From Hwang Jae Min)
You shouldn't trust\Nthe rumors after all.
Who made the rumor\Nthat you act up?
I'm good\Nat catching culprits...
which detectives can't.
I think that's where\Nthe rumor came from.
You often\Nare misunderstood...
if you're better\Nthan others.
I'm well aware of it.
You can't act like you\Ndon't know what you see.
You try not to\Nuse your brain,
but you always stand out.
You came here to ask about\Nthe case. Hurry and ask.
Ask me anything.
You found the bloodstained\Nfingerprints...
on Yoon Mi Joo's shoe,\Nright?
Which part of\Nher shoe is it?
Looking at the angle\Nof the fingerprints,
he grabbed it as he lay\Nprone on the ground.
Here.
If he had grabbed it\Non a standing position,
It would've been hard\Nfor the fingerprints...
to be horizontal.
So he grabbed it\Nafter getting stabbed.
You're good at saying...
obvious things\Nshamelessly.
Did he grab it\Nto ask for help?
What, you think he grabbed\Nit to ask to kill him?
Did you find any marks\Nother than the victim's?
They're shoes\Nmade of PVC...
produced\Nin Myungdo Factory...
from 2014 to 2016.
Slippers with\Nthree stripes.
They usually cost\Nfrom 3 to 8 dollars.
Those are the most common\Nslippers in Noryang-dong.
Is it an examinee then?
I have things to prepare\Nfor tomorrow's lecture,
so I need to go now.
Was I of help?
Yes.
What's the use\Nin helping civilians?
You need to help\Ndetectives instead.
Isn't it good for you\Nif it helps Seol Ok?
I thought you two\Nwere going out.
What? That's not true.
Forget it.
Where did you hear\Nsuch a rumor?
Just do a good job\Nwith your lecture.
I'll take this mark.
(Restricted)
Gosh, I shouldn't have\Nbrought you here.
Why? I loved it.
I got his autograph too.
Thank you.
What's this rumor about\Nus going out, by the way?
Did you tell others that\Nyou live in my house?
Don't mind it. They say it\Nbecause we're together.
Then let's stay apart\Nfrom each other.
Are you afraid\Nof the rumor?
We're not having an affair\Nor something, you know.
It's because of you.
You're getting delayed\Nwith your promotion.
It's not good to get\Ninvolved in a rumor.
Then again, it'll harm me\Nmore than it does to you.
What will you do?
I'll go to Noryang-dong...
and catch the culprit\Nwho killed Lee Wang Sik.
You think the culprit\Nis in Noryang-dong.
Does it mean Yoon Mi Joo\Nisn't the culprit?
The hidden camera guy\Nwas in here too.
It means he's not\Nthe culprit either.
I didn't say the culprit\Nis in Noryang-dong.
I just said that I'm\Ngoing to Noryang-dong.
Goodness, I'm dying\Nout of curiosity.
Tell me already.\NWho is it?
I'm not 100 percent sure.
Tell me if you're\Nmore than 90 percent sure.
Stay away from me.
Goodness, I'm so curious.
Lady.
Don't wear the apron.
I got this amazing gift,
so I can't\Njust do nothing.
It's not right though.
You've worked hard today,\Nso just rest.
- Let's just rest.\N- No.
Don't even lay a finger\Non my cooking today.
I'll have to eat it.
Are you done cutting it?
I prepared\Na healthy meal...
for you, Detective Ha.
You want me to eat this?
It's natural healthy food.
Is it even edible?
It's good for your health.
Eat the roots too.
What's this?
Broccoli.
You know it has an\Nanti-cancer effect, right?
What's this?
It's green onion kimchi.
Why is the rice so sour?
I cooked the rice with\Nmagnolia berry water.
It's good for\Nfatigue recovery.
You feel uncomfortable,\Ndon't you?
Right, I spent\Nsome money for you.
Especially on\Nthis ginseng.
Is it ginseng sushi?
Well, it's good\Nfor health.
Hold on.
What's this?
It's bitter to eat it raw.
(Joongjin Police Station)
That natural healthy meal\Nalmost killed me.
You look sick.
Why don't you work\Nwith the promotion team...
instead of working\Noutside today?
Where are you going?
Report to your superior\Nbefore you go.
I'm going to Noryang-dong.
What about your partner?
He doesn't even talk to\Nme, so he isn't a partner.
So...
you'll keep investigating\Nwith that civilian?
We need to catch\Nthe culprit.
Will you keep working\Nby yourself like this?
I caught culprits all\Nright like this so far.
Don't you remember?
You acted up to catch\Na robber alone,
and your colleague got\Nhurt because of it.
I got my points deducted,
and the detective in\Ncharge got a warning.
Are you doing this\Nbecause of that?
Because you lost\Npoints then?
- What?\N- Hey.
I heard\Nthat you're known as...
the handsome guy in\NJoongjin Police Station.
Handsome guys like you...
should help out\Nwith public relations.
You should go.
He's my colleague,
so I can't order him\Naround as I wish.
He's so disobedient,\Nand it's driving me crazy.
Where did he hear that\Nhandsome guy thing?
The culprit was the\Ngrandson as expected.
Lee In Ho\Nis wearing a cast.
He can't stab someone\Nin that condition.
Maybe it's a fake.
He seemed very hurt.
When he got\Nout of the car,
he tried so hard not\Nto touch his arm.
Then why are we here?
I have something\Nto ask him.
But he doesn't seem\Nto be at home.
What is it that\Nyou want to ask?
I want to ask him why\Nhe got his arm injured.
I want to know the reason.
In Ho is rarely at home.
He hangs out in Gangnam,\Nnot around here.
May we know\Nwhere he is now?
He must be at a club.
He went out\Nwith his friends.
Are there people who try\Nto steal items by the way?
Sometimes.
Not a case was reported\Nas theft though.
We settle down\Nfor most of the times.
He settled matters\Nwith them in this room.
They must've\Nsettled things quickly...
when they watched\Nthe CCTV footages.
Why is it so expensive?
It's from a luxury brand.
It was a gift from In Ho.
It was Mr. Chairman's\Nbirthday...
a few days before he died.
He bought that gift\Nfrom a luxury brand,
but the cake is from\Na convenience store.
You can see this?
You've got\Nsuch good eyesight.
I received the evaluation\Nof my lecture...
you turned in\Nthe last time.
I said that you can\Nturn it in anonymously,
so it turned out to be\Nquite harsh and honest.
Fine.
Then let's take a look.
Okay.
"Your lectures are\Nboring and old-fashioned."
Ji Dong Chan?
Did you write your name?
No.
Mr. Ji?
Are you surprised?
I compared this with\Nyour previous report.
Your handwriting gets\Nslanted downward.
Goes lower and lower.
You have a tendency\Nto be depressed.
My lecture\Nmust've been boring...
for someone\Nwith that personality.
Am I wrong?
Next.
"The lecture isn't\Nfun or touching."
Kim Soo Jeong?
Are you here\Nto watch a movie?
Look.
Your "G" is rather pointy.
You are opinionated,\Nyet you aren't consistent.
There is no way\Nyou'll be a success.
This is what we call\Na graphology analysis.
Is this...
still not fun?
Next.
Kim Kyung Mi.
Yes?
"A witty lecturer."
"Time flies as I laugh\Naway in his lecture."
Kyung Mi.
Isn't he\NProfessor Kim Jin Woo?
No, he's\NProfessor Hwang Jae Min.
I got them confused.
People who are highly\Ntrained in this field...
can even figure out\Ntheir personality.
But the basis of\Ngraphology is...
to discern if two writings\Nare from the same person.
Do you get it?
Do you know why\NI ask you if you get it?
You have to get it...
because this is a joke.
See? Get it?
Is this funny?
I used to run a shop,\Nso I just laugh first.
Is this still not fun?
Last year, all of\Nthe recruits were idiots.
But I look forward\Nto this year's recruits.
Open your textbooks.
Shoot questions at me\Nif you have any.
But don't\Nthrow them too hard at me.
Because it'll hurt.
That's Kyung Mi.
(Thief)
(1,000, 1,050, 2,000,\N3,500, 4,000 dollars)
Did everyone here...
end up coming to\Nan agreement?
Yes.
It doesn't matter\Nhow long it took.
He always made sure\Nhe gets the money.
They all want to become\Ngovernment officials.
They had no other choice\Nbut to pay the money.
He's stealing a lot.
He definitely looks like\Nan examinee.
His back and neck are\Narched forward.
He's wearing\Nneutral-colored shirt...
with sweatpants.
Why did Mr. Lee In Ho\Nhurt his arm?
Is he really hurt?
Yes, I took him\Nto the hospital.
Goodness.
In Ho.
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
I just slipped and fell\Noff of the stairs.
Goodness, what are we\Ngoing to do?
He said he fell\Noff of the stairs.
He was hurt pretty badly.
I took him\Nto the hospital,
and I paid his bill too.
His hospital bill?
He said he lost his wallet\Nas he slipped.
I got the money back\Nfrom Mr. Chairman.
He slipped on a staircase,
then lost his wallet?
I smell something fishy.
We just need to find a guy\Nwho wore these on the day.
Didn't you hear\Nwhat the store clerk said?
They sell about\N50 of these in a day.
These three-striped\Nslippers are...
the most common shoes\Nin this neighborhood.
Can you please cooperate?
One second, please.
Different brand.
Can you tell me\Nwhere batteries are?
Over there.
There?
Right.
You're studying for\Nthose exams too. I forgot.
You know,
the other party\Nisn't the only one...
who gets hurt\Nwhen you stab them.
The person who stabs\Nwill also get hurt.
That's why professional\Nkillers cut off...
the back of the knife,\Nor cover it up.
Do you have\Na Phillips screwdriver?
Wait here.
When did you\Nhurt your hand?
(Suspect 1, Yoon Mi Joo,\Na 3rd time repeater)
(Suspect 2, Park Gi Beom,\Na spy-cam voyeur)
(Suspect 3, Go Si Hwan,\Na dorm manager)
(Suspect 4, Lee In Ho,\Nthe victim's grandson)
(Suspect 1, Yoon Mi Joo,\NSuspect 2, Park Gi Beom,)
(Suspect 3, Go Si Hwan,\NSuspect 4, Lee In Ho)